/r/Bitcoin FAQ - Newcomers please read
Price Thread [September 15, 2017]
If Bitcoin hits $100K, I think I care less about being rich than I do about rubbing it in everyones face that kept calling it a scam.
One satoshi is now one venezuelan bolívar
Bitcoin newbie VS veteran
[Segwit2x attack] Here Jeff Garzik is trying to hide 2X nodes
So Coinomi's official response on the vulnerability I posted yesterday was that it's not a vulnerability and I'm just a "hater" spreading FUD
An open letter to Erik Voorhees
Charlie Lee puts his weight behind No2x movement
Bitcoin Goes Past $4,000, Again! Next Stop $5,000?
John Newberry, current highest commit core dev, unassociated with Blockstream (like almost all the other core devs). His take on core and why he has decided to work with the project.
Welcome back to $4100, gentlemen!
My first Bitcoin transaction in 2013 has been confirmed 265151 times.
Bitcoin Tax in the UK - Explained
I just helped my coworker send some money to her family via Bitcoin in Venezuela! A few months ago she was laughing at me about it, now it's helping her family buy food and water. Bitcoin really is amazing!
Bitcoin has an attitude problem
All Bitcoin has to do to become the premier store of value is... survive.
How much you wanna bet Coinbase sends out a mass email to defuse fork litigation
"Be greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedy" - Warren Buffett
My barbershop just decided to start accepting Bitcoin!
Spam attack: “Six or seven pools have played a major role in stuffing blocks with spam transactions,” LaurentMT said. “And charts display what looks like a coordination between these pools.”
Guy Carries 20k Cash Through San Francisco Airport When it Gets Seized by the DEA.....
Dumb and Dumber: Accenture Awarded Patent for 'Editable Blockchain' Tech
Jpm calls Bitcoin fraud... Gets prosecuted for... Fraud... LOL
It is time to call off NYA/segwit2x and work together to scale Bitcoin to compete against Fiat. Please.
It's like China never happened! To The Moon! 4K↑↑↑
"Bitmain controlled pools were spamming Bitcoin network to provide ammunition for blocksize increase lobbyists-- while making a killing on fees."
Japanese Banks Are Planning to Launch J-Coin, a Digital Currency Meant to Kill Off Cash
Wore my Bitcoin shirt to college today! :)
Predicting the path for Bitcoin
September: Bitcoin Mailing List vs BTC1 Mailing list
BIP39 recovery seed stamped on stainless steel plates
To signal non-support of Segwit2X, upgrade to 0.15, add uacomment=NO2X to bitcoin.conf and restart
Bitcoin ‘More Than Just a Fad,’ Morgan Stanley CEO Says
does anyone want a hodl pinback button?
Grayscale Application to list bitcoin ETF has been withdrawn.
New 24/7 Bitcoin ATM In Downtown Toronto at King Mini Mart (Supports BTC, ETH, LTC)
Central banks called out
Feels good
Advice please
Our honeybadger in it's natural environment, today it gives no fucks.
Bitcoin Above $4,200, the New Bitcoin Gold and the Looming Hardfork
Can we help No2x with running more bitcoin core nodes. starting from now?
Best bitcoin apps
Nigerian Central Bank Director Cryptocurrency Wave 'Cannot Be Stopped
PBOC Media: Bitcoin and Blockchain Should Be Treated Separately
Best short summary of the recent events regarding SegWit, UASF, and 2X
"That's not Bitcoin, this is Bitcoin." - An overview of the ongoing disinformation campaign against Bitcoin. Please bookmark and share this with new members of the community when they ask you "What lies?"
I am proud to start accepting bitcoin on my company!!! LISBOMBAS in Portugal!!!
Ive got .001B (5 bucks) that says coinbase gets hit with a class action lawsuit if they follow the 2x fork. Heres why...
Can we get a statement from Barry Silbert on what the point of 2x is now?
Breadwallet becomes Bread, a decentralized financial institution
how do i prepare for a fork? (don't know to much on this)
First thing I see when I get up in the morning. Daily reminder of why Bitcoin exists.
Mempool is empty, average transaction fees are 1/4 of what they were in August, SegWit prevalence is growing. Can someone please explain why now is the time to fork 2x?
We need to find a name for 1 unit of mbtc
Bitcoin vs. Gold:
PSA: Coinbase trying to scam userbase into buying 2x coin as Bitcoin
NYA signers love to say we're on the same side. We are not. If you're pushing a contentious fork that will harm #Bitcoin, you're an enemy.
Gold Reserve exposes Giant Gold Game
What the shit happened here??
Comparing Google Assistant to Siri, I asked about the price of Bitcoin. Google got the right answer but Siri got the last laugh.
What If US Dollar Was Just Another Cryptocurrency? Expert Blog
First you win
It's a SCAM! A list of websites, trying to steal your Bitcoins
What happened to Bitmain vs Great North Data legal battle?
Have you noticed we have a post on r/all almost every other week these days?
TIL an ex colleague of mine wrote an excellent blog post about Bitcoin in 2009.
Got bored at work today. Hodl guys, see you at the moon.
Still can't find a decent exchange
CryptoMaps - Cryptocurrency Market State Visualization
S2X supporters 'just calm down'
Dallas Jury Nails J.P. Morgan Chase with $4B Verdict in Estate Fraud Case - Bitcoin a Fraud eh?
Aside from politics and relay protection, what are the technical problems with increasing the block?
Future vs the past
How many bitcoins is not save anymore on only digital wallet?
Why wait until 100K my friend? I'm rubbing it in their faces now!
Question about future scaling?
Anyone has experience with SALT Lending?
Why aren't more people concerned about the lack of replay protection?
Pick n Pay: evolving payment methods
Jordan Belfort calls Bitcoin "a fraud." Who's next? Bernie Madoff?
Bahrain “Open to Bitcoin” and Blockchain
I know that we have already a lot of S2X posts, but, until November they won't be enough till we kill it.
How much bitcoin is too much to have on a desktop/mobile wallet?
Macau Regulator Forbids Banks from Serving ICOs, Cryptocurrencies
Gant Travel Launches Full Virtual Card Solution, Accepts Bitcoin
Hyperbitcoinization? Bitcoin Trades At 85% Premium In Zimbabwe - Priced At $7,200
Could someone clarify what is this mempool issue Tone Vays is talking about here?
Bitpay jumping on the bcash bandwagon
As a newb to all this with coins on exchanges supporting 2x what are my options before the fork? and what happens to my coins after?
What really gives Bitcoin it's value.
Tumbler questions
Top 50 Crypto Assets | Drawdown | 170928
BANKALAR BİTCOİNDEN KORKUYORLAR // BANKERS BECONTRIBUTORS
Bitcoin: Your New 'Safe Haven'
Take off time ??
Bitcoin - going to the mo... South Africa!!
Whatever happens remember this: "Bitcoin is at $4,000 and Gawker is dead." Long live Bitcoin.
Are my coins safe?
Where to buy cheapest bitcoin for GBP
Staking Sidechains? New Paper Proposes Twist on Bitcoin Tech
Watch out! Fake bitaddress
Question about Coinbase
16 BİTCOİNE İZMİR’DE BİNA!
Overstock spiked 23% today, anything to do with their new Bitcoin trading platform going online soon?
Tijuana soccer game
What is going on?
In Bitcoin Testbed Venezuela, 1 Bolivar Now Equals 1 Satoshi
How to really support the NO2X Movement.
Stay Away from these SCAMMERS BITCOIN MINING COMPANY!
If Coinbase.com commits to the 2x chain, I may have to seek another exchange.
Bitcoin broke through $ 4,200
Andy Hoffman - centralization has enslaved the world - decentralization will free it.
Bitcoin Prices Steadies Strongly Above $4000 Without The Chinese Influence
*Must read for newcomers* My friend worked in the Bitcoin industry (broker) for a couple of years and has been involved in the crypto world since 2014. This is what he had to say about the recent politics of btc when someone asked him on our crypto trading channel
İNGİLİZ FİRMA DUBAİ’DE BİTCOİN İLE EV SATIŞINA BAŞLADI
Bitcoin hard forked before Bcash, do you know which coin it is...?
And the shitshow begins
The reason Eric Voorhees is being politically neutral is because he wants bigger blocks to serve his business model....
Bitcoin Prices Firmly Above $4000 Without China
The segwit2k code is a mess
Who needs china? Next stop $ath!
Bahrain May Adopt Bitcoin and Issue Bonds in Digital Currency
Silbert-Backed Bitcoin Investment Trust Withdraws SEC Application
Craig Wright a year ago: Sorry and goodbye
Sebi working on framework to regulate bitcoin market
2x is the end of bitcoin as we knew it. Coinbase, US, banks are friends [xpost from bitcointalk]
Bitcoin Prices Firmly Above $4000 Without China
Here's what happens with your bitcoins when you die
How to transfer btc out. Newbie here.
Idea: Physical Bitcoin Network?
Grayscale Investments, LLC Announces Withdrawal of Bitcoin Investment Trust ETF
"Bitcoin is a scam" and other common phrases...
As the years goes by and more new alt coins happens, what separates the coins from each other?
Can Bitcoin Really Be Regulated?
What do you think?
If 1 Bitcoin hit $500k or 1million USD at a time when you'd like to retire, what would you do?
CoinGate Challenges - Wrap-up and Solutions. NEXT ROUND SEPTEMBER 30!
ViaBTC open-sources their trading engine
Is this fake news? Amazon could be planning to accept bitcoin
Predictions and scenarios
Morgan Stanley CEO Rejects Dimon: "Bitcoin Is Certainly More Than A Fad"
Can people on Localbitcoin just makeup whatever price they want when you meet them to buy in cash?
Bitcoin is trading according to the principle of three-field farming
Segwit2x support 5; [NO2X] support got to 500 and got tired of cointing.
Cryptocurrency news – September 27
Coinbase to Gatehub transfer
Remember, UASF, not NYA activated Segwit. Many NYA signers suffer from extreme mental masturbation.
Electrum wallet show 0 BTC balance and no history. Please help me recover my coins
Should you add Bitcoin to your IRA?
Question about bitcoin merchandise from a noob.
Trezor Wallet Arrived in U-Haul Truck/Van. Safe To Use?
Choose wisely.
"Early Adopter"
Swedish Firm Reports Jamie Dimon for Market Abuse
Got a little over 7000$ to invest in btc. Buy now or wait?
(x-post from r/mtgoxinxolvency) Things Mark Karpeles Has Said Which Later Turned Out Not to be True
Regulated ICOs Arrive: Overstock to Open Exchange for Legal Token Trading
In 2140 when all coins are mined...
New Webcomic: Crypto - A fictional adventure exploring cryptocurrencies and blockchain.
I just got my first bitcoin t-shirt. I will wear it with pride.
Look who is inside the S2X-DCG Trojan horse. Burn this Corporate-takeover attempt down before it even gets close to the gates.
PSA: Despite the very high level of demand Legder Nano S' are being shipped
I've been following Bitcoin since it was $768.00 which is when I made my original prediction, here's a picture just to remind everyone just how far we've come. Date 2017-02-08.
Has the effect of the China regulations blown over?
4k finally
Chris DeRose visits the Dragons Den.
new split ?
Google Authenticator vs Fido Universal 2nd Factor
Me, a btc dummy, trying to understand this whole Segwit situation.
Popular Wallet/Sites around 2007-2010?
What Happens If China Bans Bitcoin Mining: 3 Scenarios
4.2k finally!
Ontario Securities Regulator on Bitcoin and ICOs
Genesis Mining...
Anyone who thinks developers will work on segwit2x/NYA hasn't been paying attention
Goldman Sachs advertising expansive future of blockchain in this info graphic. They must have a large position somewhere in the crypto space.
Should i buy?
Im writing this paper about bitcoin for class and MS word wants the replace Jamie Dimon’s last name with Demon! lol
I know this may not be the place for it, but there's an iniciative to help raise money for Mexico's earthquake rebuilding via cryptocurrency mining. Many of us have good stations, please help if you can spare it!
Help me expose Bitcoin ponzis like BitConnect
Satoshi's reason for 21M cap?
Why don't the people that want 2x go over to bCash?
Bitcoin HF contemplation
SegWit2x/NYA support overview (segwit.party/nya alternative)
How to convert bitcoin to fiat currency if required
Should I buy now ?
Moon or Hell?
Bitcoin: What is happening now?
Ironic ad on the side of the House of Morgan, the former JP Morgan building, 23 Wall Street, NYC. [taken August, 2015]
They refuse to add replay protection not because they believe its an "Upgrade" but because they do not believe the user has a choice in the matter
Bitcoin is Outside the Regulatory Jurisdiction of the European Central Bank
ATTENTION: Shapeshift.io scam websites have appeared on Google Search..
Why Price Crashes Are Healthy For Bitcoin
Why Jamie Dimon and terrified governments won't be able to stop Bitcoin
To The Moon! (my new desktop wallpaper)
First Cash, Now Gold? Another Bitcoin Hard Fork Is on the Way
Ps3 cluster mining bitcoins
Is ignoring Segwit2X an option?
